Level 0: logging into the ssh with my terminal 
Level 0-1: used ls, cat readme 
Level 1-2: cat ./- opening a file 
Level 2-3: cat -- "--spaces in this filename--" using “—“ to stop parsing 
Level 3-4: cat ...Hiding-From-You finding and opening a directory 
Level 4-5: find . -type f | xargs file used xargs to find a human readable file 
Level 5-6: find . -type f -size 1033c ! -executable used this to filter out from files in the server 
Level 6-7: find / -type f -user bandit7 -group bandit6 -size 33c used different filters and criteria given 
Level 7-8: grep -i "millionth" data.txt used grep and -I to find the passwd next to millionth ignoring case 
Level 8-9: I used man uniq to learn about that command since its listed on the website, found the option -u shows unique lines not repeated, uniq -u, but first I sorted the file data.txt to make the lines not adjacent sort data.txt | uniq -u 
Level 9-10: the goal called for one of the few human readable strings, so I used the string data.txt command and then I pipelined it to grep, finding several “=“ since it says equal signs precede the password. I did strings data.txt | grep === 
Level 10-11: first I did man base64 since I didn’t know what that command did, then I found I could use the -d option to decode. So, I opened data.txt with cat and then base64 -d data.txt and that gave me the password
Level 11-12: I opened the helpful reading material on the website and read up on rot13. Learned it was a kind gf substitution cipher kind of like the Ceaser Cipher that replaces a letter with the 13th letter after it in the Roman alphabet. It was tricky understanding but as I read on it made more sense. In the “implementation” section of the page it talks about the tr command to translate characters so I used cat data.txt | tr ‘A-Za-z' 'N-ZA-Mn-za-m' to decrypt it and it worked
Level 12-13: FO5dwFsc0cbaIiH0h8J2eUks2vdTDwAn
This one was really time consuming since it had concepts completely new to me like gzip, bzip2, tar but some research on the side helped me learn  about them. I started by doing what the level prompted by using mktemp -d to make a tmp dir and then I copied the datafile with cp, and renamed it with mv. After opening it it was an unreadable mess so I read the man xxd page and found the -r option to revert the hexdump. I still didnt know what to do next so I looked at the man pages for the “commands I may need” and found gzip with -d to decompress a file ending in .gz so I renamed the file to make it end in .gz and tried decompressing it but it still didnt do much.  So I read the man page for bzip2 and tried the same thing with that, to no avail. I tried gzip one more time and found it said “data5.bin” and figured that might mean something but I didn’t know what. I kept reading the man pages and found that tar can extract an archived file with -xf so I tried that and found data6.bin I decompressed it again and found data6.bin.out and data8.bin I decompressed again with gzip and then I was able to open data8 where I finally found the password 
Level 13-14: MU4VWeTyJk8ROof1qqmcBPaLh7lDCPvS
I had trouble with this one because I understood the concept of the ssh keys but I hadn’t practiced it until now. I started by using ls to see the sshkey.private and then still in the home directory I tried to use the -I (allows login with the private key) but it kept throwing me back to bandit13 login. I kept getting “permission denied” errors, so naturally I knew this had something to do with permissions and I tried to chmod them but again it said operation not permitted. I thought to try to chmod the private key from my local computer not the game server and then I was finally able to ssh into the bandit 14 level. From here I just opened the file given to me in the description and got the password
Level 14-15: 8xCjnmgoKbGLhHFAZlGE5Tmu4M2tKJQo
First I read the man pages for the nc command and learned that its a command that allows to read and write data over a network connection. I used nc to connect to the localhost post 3000 and then it didnt prompt me for anything so I was confused here for a while but I just pasted the previous password and it threw the next password for me 
